JAPANESE TYPER DEVELOPMENT LOG:
———
At the "Low level editor" we just have to make sure that we have the following:

base
shift
control
shift+control

kana
shift+kana
control+kana
shift+control+kana

We don't need altgr or other settings enabled.
———
Rule # 1 The Kana key (scroll lock) will make it switch from the default Hiragana to Katakana.

Rule # 2 All the keys have to be set to "Unaffected by Caps Lock".

Rule # 3 To prevent sending of Latin letters upon pressing the keys. The keys have to be set to the null character '0000' in the deadkey ist.
This has to be done for all the other keys for which there is no combination, that is most of the keys.

Rule # 4 the LATIN alphabet SMALLCASE letters are allotted to the HIRAGANA letters.
Rule # 5 the LATIN alphabet CAPITAL letters are allotted to the KATAKANA letters.
Rule # 6 the GREEK alphabet SMALLCASE letters are alloted to the SHIFT keys next to the HIRAGANA letters.
Rule # 7 the GREEK alphabet CAPITAL letters are alloted to the KANA+SHIFT keys next to the KATAKANA letters.
This is necessarry to prevent characters overriding each other.
Rule #8 Characters that are typed by pressing shift do not need to be nulled,
We just want to null the base characters.
———
Basically. This makes it so that the corresponding small letters of letters can be typed just by pressing the shift key.
It also makes it so that the caps lock key is practically disabled. Which of course serves no purpose here because there is no case.
The scroll lock key is a good method for switching between alphabets instead of Caps Lock. It is less problematic in alphabets with no case.
These methods are also good ways to develop dual alphabet layouts that do have case.
———
The missing syllables all have to be nulled. most specifically, wu, ye and yi.
———
The letters have to be nulled to themselves so that Latin letters will not be sent.
For example, if the typer presses (w) and (w) they type 'ww'.
Assigning (w) to "null" makes it so that nothing is sent or typed instead.
These assignments have to be done in the deadkey list.
After the assignments are done on the list each key has to be checked in the preview window to ensure that letters are nulled correctly.
———
A Separate .KBE file has to be made for the halfwidth Katakana so that half-width katakana can be typed as such.
It has to be switched to from the language panel for control.

——— (2024-05-26)
Pretty buggy after the release of the first version.
I cut out some of the features that were buggy by disabling them as a quick work around for now.

